gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\AtkDependence.xlsx:Atk_Dependence => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\AtkDependence\Atk_Dependence.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Attack.xlsx:Attack => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Attack\Attack.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\BossProcess.xlsx:keine => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\BossProcess\keine.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\BossRoutine.xlsx:keine_routine => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\BossRoutine\keine_routine.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Buff.xlsx:Buff => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Buff\Buff.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Couple.xlsx:Couple => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Couple\Couple.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Danmaku.xlsx:danma => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Danmaku\danma.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\DanmakuCreator.xlsx:d4c => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\DanmakuCreator\d4c.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Dialogues.xlsx:stage1_before => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Dialogues\stage1_before.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Dialogues.xlsx:stage1_after => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Dialogues\stage1_after.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Enemy.xlsx:Enemy => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Enemy\Enemy.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Passive.xlsx:Passive => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Passive\Passive.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Routine.xlsx:Routine => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Routine\Routine.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Skill.xlsx:Skill => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Skill\Skill.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\SpellCard.xlsx:SpellCard => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\SpellCard\SpellCard.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\StageProcess.xlsx:Stage1 => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\StageProcess\Stage1.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\SumDependence.xlsx:Sum_Dependence => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\SumDependence\Sum_Dependence.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Summoned.xlsx:Summoned => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Summoned\Summoned.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\TID.xlsx:TID => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\TID\TID.json
gd_excelexporter.core.engine-INFO:导出：D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\data\Upgrade.xlsx:Upgrade => D:\Godot\touhou_survivors\settings\dist\Upgrade\Upgrade.json
gd_excelexporter.generators.json2-INFO:创建：dist\settings.gd
